Even if I really have nothing
You’d still be willing to follow me
Was that true?
Of course it’s true
Because you’re my brother
You know, be gentle
That’s not what I meant
Don’t play dumb
Then last time you said
You’d keep taking care of me as my brother
Until I accept you
Does that still hold?
Of course it does
I swear to the heavens
I’m absolutely not lying to you
Alright, I have something to say to you too
What is it?
Actually, lately
I’ve been thinking a lot
Qín Fēng
I really have feelings for you
But over all these years
We’ve lived as siblings
I can’t immediately adjust to our new relationship
Please
Give me a little more time
To let me
Slowly fall in love with you